1. Ease to develop
        Tableau: Easy to make complicated charts, could be more intuitive and self-explanatory.
        D3: Huge learning curve for a beginner - learn everything from CSS, HTML and Javascript. Lack of interoperability between versions a sore point. Tough to catch up. 
        Matlab: Very easy. Documentation clear. You know what you can do and what you can't.
        Python: Quite easy as a developer. Quick to write code.
        Excel: Very easy to develop charts. For advanced level: Visual Basic, not easy 
        R: Very similar to python and not especially difficult.

2. Ease to maintain the visualization
        Tableau: Visualization works if columns referred are valid.
        D3: Possible to write the code so the visualization does not break. Big advantage
        Matlab: Fairly easy to maintain code base
        Python: Easy to maintain. Versioning a problem
        Excel: Could break if new data is inconsistent
        R: Same as what holds for Matlab and Python.

3. Usability of visualization developed for end users
		Tableau: Exports to several formats. So, good. Not for web-based visualization. Lacks plug and play
		D3: Excellent for web-based end users. For PDFs, this is alright too
		Matlab, R, Python: Visualizations exportable to SVG. So, good.
		Excel: The visualizations from here can get pixalated too, but can be exported to almost anywhere

4. Scalability of visualization to “large” datasets
		Tableau: Not confident for large datasets. 
		Python: Best of the pack here for large data sets. Very useful to process and transform data with Spark etc.
		Matlab: Unable to run on distributed systems, a dealbreaker.
		R: Similar to Python, scales well
		Excel: Very bad after a point to deal with large datasets.

5. System requirements to run the visualization (e.g., browsers, OS, software licensing) for end users
		Tableau: Need software licenses, can be expensive. For enterprise solutions, a dedicated server. Works on all OS
		Python: Open source, almost free. Runs on every OS and no licensing needed. For web-based applications, not sure if it is the best though.
		Matlab: Need expensive licensing, and is quite resource-hungry. Computational resources are not cheap
		R: Same as what we have for Matlab, but open source. Packages in R make it more modular - so resources scaled accordingly.
		Excel: Need licensing. Works best with Windows, not so with Linux based OS.